INTLY-1520 Add section for giving view access to shared fuse namespace (#15)
integr8ly/user-documentation: docs/content/gs-adding-users-proc.adoc

. Go to *Users* > *Listings*.
. Find the user you wish to delete.
. Click the *Delete* button associated with that user.

> == Allowing users to view integration pod logs & import Fuse Online services from OpenShift into 3Scale

Reviewer: @david-martin  would users know what 'integration pods' are?
how about 'Giving users  permissions to view integration logs and perform 3Scale service discovery'?

> If a user requires access to integration pod logs or wants to use the 'Import from OpenShift' service discovery feature in 3Scale to import Fuse Online services automatically, they will need the `view` role added to their OpenShfit user account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This procedure describes how to add the *view* role for a user if that user requires either of the following:

* link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_3scale_api_management/2.4/html-single/service_discovery/index[Service Discovery] in 3Scale, which an be used to add Fuse Online services automatically
* Access to Fuse Online integration logs
```

> While logged in as the customer-admin user with `oc`, run the following command, substituting the `userid` for whichever user you want to give view access to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Log into OpenShift using `oc` and the `customer-admin` credentials.
. Run the following command, where `<userid>` is the user you want to give the role to:
```
